[Autogenerated] So here we have our project on currently in this project,
we don't have flyway installed, So if we look at the great URL tasks,
we see the are in no flyway tasks there.
So we need to install Flyway into this project to start using it.
Now with this project structure,
we have a root project that route projects called Jacket.
And we have to sub projects jacket repository and jacket.
Web and a.
I'm going to add the flyway, plugging information into the root project.
So the way to do that is that we need to tell grade all the name
and the version of the plug in and a to have it a play that plug
into the projects that need it.
Now I'm going to add the plug in in to all projects so that later on,
when we have many more projects than we have now in this application will
be able to run the plug in from any of those projects.
The plug in is named or dot flyway db flyway,
and you can find this information on the flyway website.
I then need to call, apply plug in for all projects.
So once I'm done, I got a great URL.
I do a refresh.
All there's are reimport the greater Bill files and rebuild all the project
information and refresh all the plug ins across those projects.
We can now see that on the right hand side,
we have the various flyway tasks that we can executable flyway migrate.
So now that we have that,
we can now add the configuration data for flyway by calling the flyway closure.
So with the flyway plug in installed,
we need to configure Fly away when we do that by adding a call to fly
away on passing the parameters that flyway needs,
such as the J D b c URL and a locations to find the migrations.
I'm going to do this in the web project because the web project is
currently the only real project we have through.
Positive Project isn't being used, it's just a placeholder, and it's empty.
So the web project is the one project that we have
essentially so while at the Court of Flyway there.
So if I open up the buildup cradle for jacket web and a
called a flyway at the end of this file.
So here we are specifying the ____ to connect to.
We're using my SQL.
We're specifying the username on the password on these are define is Constance.
Elsewhere in this project, we specify the schemer.
We have a database called Jacket __ and take up to that in a moment
we specify the locations for these migrations.
We don't have any migrations yet, but we'll write those in the moment.
What we're saying here is these migration files will live in a directory.
This relatives the root of the project.
We'll see how to find that in a moment.
I'm also going to special by some other flags that fly way might need.
I don't want the names off my migration fast to have a prefix.
So I turned that off baseline on My great says that if I have an
existing database and a want to migration against it,
do I allow that my sentiments are true?
We allow that behavior.
So if we have an existing database and running
migration by making this flag true, that will allow flyway to say Okay,
I understand that where we currently are in this database is the baseline.
I should not be running migrations against out of order.
True says,
if you found migration one a migration three on I now find migration to.
Should I apply that By setting this flag to true,
I'm allowing this out of order running of migrations.
The default value for this is falsy.
So now that we have this we can create some migrations
and run them against the database.
But before we do that,
let's just take a look at the database first to show this actually empty.
So inside my SQL workbench we can See,
we have a jagged devi schemer if they open up the schemer
that are no tables or views or functions.
So indeed,
we currently have an empty database here that we
can now apply the migrations to.
So I want to add some migrations.
And the first thing we need to do is to figure out where to add these.
So I look at the flyway command,
you can see it's set to create the migrations relative to the project directory.
So one directory down and a Increased Migrations directory,
and it turns out that actually this project directory here,
So I do a right-click here and do new directory.
I'll call this directory migrations we can create the migrations in there.
Notice that especially to subdirectories here,
common on my SQL so we can create those inside here.
Also, once we have those we can create our first migration.
So I want to create a migration inside the common folder.
There'll be a SQL migration will run against any database.
So when I create migration inside the Commons folder,
it'll be a secret migration that can run against any database.
And a.
I'm going to use the SQL that we saw on the slide.
So typically, when we create a migration, we give it a version number.
So I call this one on then the name of the migration.
So we'll call this one.
Create articles table.
It will be a dot SQL file, so one create articles table dot SQL.
We've seen this off this already,
so it will create the table which will have an ID which
will be an auto increment column.
Not what we set the primary key as well,
and it will have a URL archived in favorite columns in that table.
So inside idea If I go to the jacket web project and then
find the flyway commands and find flyway,
migrate and execute that we should see that we run flyway
migrate and it's run without any errors.
So hopefully we've updated the my SQL schemer.
If I flip into my SQL and refresh the Schemer, then we'll see.
We've actually added to tables.
Here we have the articles table with the ID URL archived and favorite columns.
But there's also a flyway schemer history table.
If I do a select star from Jackie DBT schema flyway history will see the
at this table has information about flyway migrations.
It tells me which migrations have run.
It tells me that we just run the create articles table
migration against this database.
Okay, so we can use the migration to create tables in the schema.
How about altering that table in the schema?
So if I had another migration, so do new file on this will be migration to.
So to underscore on, we'll do an ad title column to articles SQL on for this one.
We're going to alter the table so we'll alter the table articles.
V8 Just save that And again, just run the flyway, my great command.
Now we can go back and check the tables and do a refresh.
If I look in the articles table.
Now we'll have the IDE.
You are archived favorite and a title columns inside there so we can
apply as many of these schemes that we want to to make sure the tables
are in a state that we need them to be in.
But now, as you can see, you might end up with many,
many many of these small migration files to is often a good idea.
At some point to normalize these and a,
bring them together into one file or maybe a few carefully crafted files.
This will make the management of these far as much, much easier.
So I just want to add one more thing to this table.
I just want to add an Images column that we'll use later in this course.
So again, same process will do.
New file on this will be called three So ADD IMAGE column to articles table SQL.
It's another altar.
This time we're adding a long blob.
This is gonna be a binary column again.
If I save the files and execute the migration, look at the tables.
It's now in a state where we can start using it.
So now that we have this,
how do we go about getting at the data inside this
table on adding data to the table.
To do that, we've got to use something called repositories, so let's see how we do that now.